good morning good morning good morning
it's super excited about its security
with some fries I don't
camera equipment was turning
it's gonna be a great great day of
trouble stoked p.m. sex
it is so good to be in San Francisco I
don't think I'd even like preface why
I'm here
I'm here on behalf of Adobe and the
creative residency I'm here hanging out
with the other three Adobe Creative
residents I can't wait for you guys to
meet them we are doing a lot of talks we
are doing events we're doing all the
things and I'm going to bring you along
with me
and yeah we're in San Francisco I love
love San Francisco it's just gonna be
such a fun week um so yeah I'm gonna
grab my stuff
and let's go meet up with the peeps just
landed no time to stop gotta go gotta go
gotta go huh are you done
hey guys you remember love me right hi
so I asked Libby's like does does Adobe
have Lacroix she goes no but we have
talking rain I'm so excited to try
talking all the creative residents are
here introduce yourselves what do you do
I'm an experiential designer
daddy what interactive work and
installation light arts and all sorts
I'm stood a simpler and I am an
illustrator and animator yeah super
talented Libby our lays on paper
no we are here at the Minnesota Street
project let's go explore it's a huge
creative space that a ton of different
artists that door is amazing that a ton
of the different artists work out of and
it's like subsidized by these two tech
people who thought that artists deserve
a affordable space to work out of here
in San Francisco this place is massive
and that is where they'll put all the
Lacroix yeah not talking rain oh wait
what flavor
adobe has a space here as well we're
about to do a ball and snapchat story on
the adobe snapchat I believe in you
if you can do it
hurry up
star course
you do that
we have a few few minutes before dinner
so we're adventuring but we keep on
seeing these signs like do not enter
she's never been to San Francisco you
probably know Karl Karl is the Fox Karl
the fog he has a very popular Twitter
account and he's stretching first that's
Karl the hug and here's a bridge of some
sort San Fran has all the bridges it's
not cool to call San Francisco San Fran
right ss what are the local college
place OSF brawl yeah you don't say San
Fran I think that's not cool I think
that's what tourists and fences
Oh dinner pretty good dinner oh so great
yeah a lot of good for so successful day
a very long day yeah so we all time
travel and we're tired as long day but
it's a great day and a really fun week
is ahead I can't talk what's coming in
on we have a very fun week ahead of us
until Syrah guys say peachy okay bye
today I'm moving into my apartment but
the movers are ahead of schedule and I'm
behind schedule so I got it